add APM instrumentation middleware module for Fiber framework (#999)
elastic/apm-agent-go: docs/instrumenting.asciidoc

The apmgin middleware will recover panics and send them to Elastic APM, so you do not need to install the gin.Recovery middleware.

[[builtin-modules-apmfiber]]
==== module/apmfiber

> Package apmfiber provides middleware for the https://gofiber.io/[Fiber] web framework, versions 2.x(v2.18.0 and greater).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package apmfiber provides middleware for the https://gofiber.io/[Fiber] web framework, versions 2.x (v2.18.0 and greater).
```

For each request, a transaction is stored in the request context, which can be obtained via
https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/gofiber/fiber/v2#Ctx[fiber.Ctx]`.Context()` in your handler.

[source,go]
----
import (
	"go.elastic.co/apm/module/apmfiber"
)

func main() {
	app := fiber.New()
	app.Use(apmfiber.Middleware())
	...
}
----

> The apmgin middleware will recover panics and send them to Elastic APM, so you do not need to install the gin.Recovery middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The apmfiber middleware will recover panics and send them to Elastic APM, so you do not need to install the fiber/middleware/recover middleware.
```
